Gantt: update Getting started tutorial (#5852)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Gantt/00 Getting Started with Gantt/00 Getting Started with Gantt.md

#include tutorials-intro-installationnote

The Gantt UI component displays the task flow and dependencies between tasks.

> This tutorial shows how to add the Gantt component to your application and configure this component's core features.

Reviewer: I believe you used a definite article in "add **the** Gantt component" to refer to the component as a type. However, in this context it's not quite right. Can one add more than one Gantt component to an application? Probably, it's true regardless of how much sense this decision has.

Either way, the tutorial's scenario suggests that we work with only one Gantt component instance. Therefore, I'll change this article to indefinite.

```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to add a Gantt component to your application and configure the component.
```

<div class="simulator-desktop-container" data-view="/Content/Applications/23_1/GettingStartedWith/Gantt/index.html, /Content/Applications/23_1/GettingStartedWith/Gantt/index.js, /Content/Applications/23_1/GettingStartedWith/Gantt/index.css"></div>

> Each section in this tutorial describes a single configuration step. You can also find the full source code in the GitHub repository.

Reviewer: "a" already means "one", that is "single". "a single" increases emphasis on the aspect of singularity. But in our case, it's not that important; therefore, just "a" or "one" would be enough. Should we use "one" instead of "a" in this scenario, it will allow us to place a very mild emphasis on singularity compared to just "a".

Second... "code" is uncountable in this context, like text or water. Therefore, I would have avoided a definite case here.

```suggestion
Each section in this tutorial describes one configuration step. You can also find full source code in the GitHub repository.
```
